= RubyFuse

* Wiki: http://wiki.github.com/jmstacey/rubyfuse
* Repository: http://github.com/jmstacey/rubyfuse
* Bug Tracker: http://jmstacey.lighthouseapp.com/projects/29478-fuseruby/overview

== Description

RubyFuse is a library aimed at allowing Ruby programmers to quickly and
easily create virtual filesystems with little more than a few lines of code.

A "hello world" filesystem equivalent to the one demonstrated on 
fuse.sourceforge.org is just 20 lines of code!

RubyFuse is NOT a full implementation of the FUSE API ... yet.

== Requirements

* Linux or Mac OS X
* FUSE or MacFuse
* Ruby 1.8
(* C compiler)

== Install

# sudo ruby setup.rb

This simple step will install the library under the default Ruby libraries
location. You can also install files into your favorite directory by supplying
setup.rb some options. Try "ruby setup.rb --help".

If you need to supply alternative path information for the FUSE libraries,
follow this example:

# ruby setup.rb config --with-fuse-dir=/opt/local/include --with-fuse-lib=/opt/local/lib
# ruby setup.rb setup
# sudo ruby setup.rb install

== Usage

Some sample ruby filesystems are listed in "sample/"
When you run a RubyFuse script, it will listen on a socket indefinitely, so
either background the script or open another terminal to explore the filesystem.

API.rdoc contains more usage information.

== License

RubyFuse is a fork of FuseFS, written by Greg Millam. Both RubyFuse and FuseFS
are available under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2009 Jon Stacey.
Copyright (c) 2005 Greg Millam.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.